updated deleteInstallation example and fix #939 (#1021)
slackapi/bolt-js: docs/_basic/authenticating_oauth.md

Bolt for JavaScript will also create a `slack/install` route, where you can find an `Add to Slack` button for your app to perform direct installs of your app. If you need any additional authorizations (user tokens) from users inside a team when your app is already installed or a reason to dynamically generate an install URL, manually instantiate an `ExpressReceiver`, assign the instance to a variable named `receiver`, and then call `receiver.installer.generateInstallUrl()`. Read more about `generateInstallUrl()` in the [OAuth docs](https://slack.dev/node-slack-sdk/oauth#generating-an-installation-url).

> **NOTE: The `Add to Slack` button on your apps App config page will not work with our Bolt's OAuth support. It does not include a state value. You must use the `slack/install` route created by your Bolt application to install the app.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE: The `Add to Slack` button on your app's App config page will not work with Bolt's OAuth support. It does not include a state value. You must use the `slack/install` route created by your Bolt application to install the app.**
```
